# Rock_Paper_Scissors

This is my Individual Project "Rock, Paper, Scissors" for CS441.

This app is a classic Rock, Paper, Scissors game. When you enter the game, the homepage welcomes you. The homepage shows the title of the game, the button to play the game, the instructions button and the highest score ever made on the device you have used. When you press the instructions button, you will be presented with an information screen that will help you understand how the game is played and the basic logic of rock, paper, scissors. There is also a Main Menu button on this page for you to return to the homepage. When we press the "Play!" button, a page comes with four buttons. This page is the page where the game is played. The application asks you to choose a move first. When you make your move, your opponent's and your moves appear on the screen in animation, and the scoreboard changes according to the moves made. The functioning of the Score system is as follows; The winner of each round earns a point and your opponent's score is deducted from your score, so it is possible to fall to negative points in the game and it is very difficult to make high scores because the game depends on luck. Your score is automatically updated after each move is made. If you think your score is enough, you should press the "End Game" button above. This button takes you to a page showing your current score. You can return to the main page with the "Main Menu" button on this page. If your score is the highest score on the device you are using, you can see that the High Score section on the main page has changed.
